https://javaconceptoftheday.com/java-interview-programs-on-strings/

1) Write a Java program to find the duplicate words and their number of occurrences in a string?
2) Write a Java program to count the number of words in a string?
3) Write a Java program to count the total number of occurrences of a given character in a string without using any loop?
4) Write a Java program to reverse a string?
5) Write a Java program to count the number of occurrences of each character in a string?
6) Write a Java program to remove all white spaces from a string?
7) Write a Java program to find duplicate characters in a string?
8) Write a Java program to check whether one string is a rotation of another?
9) Write a Java program to check whether two strings are anagram or not?
10) Write a Java program to reverse a given string with preserving the position of spaces?
11) Write a Java program to reverse each word of a given string?
12) How do you convert string to integer and integer to string in Java?
13) Write a Java program to find the percentage of uppercase letters, lowercase letters, digits and special characters in a given string?
14) Write a Java program to prove that strings are immutable in Java?
15) How do you find longest substring without repeating characters in the given string?
16) How do you swap two string variables without using third or temp variable in Java?
17) Write a Java program to find all permutations of a string?
18) How do you find first repeated and non-repeated character in the given string in Java?
19) Write a Java program to append a given string to a text file?
20) How do you find the number of characters, words and lines in the given text file in Java?
21) How do you find the most repeated word in a text file in Java?
22) How to sort a text file in Java?
23) Palindrome Programs In Java
24) How to reverse a sentence word by word in Java?
25) How to remove all vowels from a string in Java?
26) How to replace a specific string in a text file?
27) Java program to print all sub strings of a string.
28) Java program to print common characters between two strings in alphabetical order. 
29) Most repetitive character in a string

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-50-string-coding-problems-for-interviews/
30. Implement Atoi (https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/write-your-own-atoi/)
